---
title: Can I bring a drone to Indonesia/Bali?
description: >-
  Are you planning a trip to Indonesia or Bali and wondering if you can bring
  your drone? Check out our 'Guide to Bringing Drones to Indonesia/Bali'.
pubDate: 2023-11-13T00:00:00.000Z
pubHour: null
category:
  - 旅行技巧
tags:
  - 印尼
  - 峇里島
  - 巴里島
  - 無人機
  - 空拍機
heroImage: 'https://images.gobaligo.id/vocus/vocus_2f0104efdccf74a386739089ab23c795.jpg'
originalUrl: 'https://vocus.cc/article/65504084fd897800011c51f2'
lang: en
_srcHash: ce3cb8607fe9ec329c27dad71397d581
---

Are you planning a trip to Indonesia or Bali and wondering if you can bring your drone? Don't worry, the answer is yes! You can bring your drone to Bali! However, before you pack it in your suitcase, there are a few regulations you must follow.

First, **batteries cannot be checked in**! You must carry the batteries in your hand luggage, not in your checked suitcase. This prevents airlines from refusing to check luggage containing lithium batteries due to safety concerns.

Second, the batteries must be removed from the drone and placed in a fireproof protective case to avoid the risk of fire caused by short circuits during the flight. The protective case also reduces the likelihood of the batteries being damaged by impact.

Finally, the drone body with the batteries removed can be placed in your checked suitcase or carried with you in your hand luggage. If placed in checked luggage, be careful of collisions and compression that could damage the drone.

Additionally, if your drone **weighs more than 2 kg**, according to Indonesian regulations, you must register with the [Indonesian Ministry of Communication and Information Technology](https://hubud.dephub.go.id/hubud/website/) and obtain a permit to legally operate the drone within Indonesia.

https://youtube.com/shorts/lgQsG01vDeo

In the next episode, we will explore in detail the special regulations and applicable legal restrictions for flying drones in Indonesia/Bali. While enjoying aerial photography with your drone, don't forget to ensure its legality and flight safety.

{{block:戶外}}
