---
title: Indonesia/Bali Drone Regulations and Taboos
description: >-
  What are the relevant rules and regulations to follow when flying drones in
  Indonesia/Bali?
pubDate: 2023-11-20T00:00:00.000Z
pubHour: null
category:
  - 旅行技巧
tags:
  - 印尼無人機
  - 峇里島無人機
  - 巴里島無人機
  - 空拍機
  - 空拍機規定
heroImage: 'https://images.gobaligo.id/vocus/vocus_ad9871349a077ea9c5d06d39fbc9533f.png'
originalUrl: 'https://vocus.cc/article/655b357ffd89780001b0febf'
lang: en
_srcHash: f95eec45bcd62c6d0ba3d1a88f933c1d
---

In [our previous article](/blog/2023-11-13-65504084fd897800011c51f2/), we discussed how to safely bring your drone to Indonesia/Bali. Today, we'll delve deeper into the relevant rules and regulations you need to follow when flying drones in Indonesia/Bali.

The most important aspect is undoubtedly '**safety**'. Drone flight safety concerns not only yourself but also others. To ensure this, there are several local regulations you must adhere to:

First, the drone's flight altitude must not exceed 150 meters. This is to ensure airspace safety and avoid interference with other aircraft or natural ecosystems.

Second, do not fly drones within 15 kilometers of any major airport. This regulation ensures drones don't interfere with normal air traffic, preventing potential safety hazards.

Third, please do not fly drones at night. Low visibility during nighttime makes such operations dangerous and potentially disruptive to those around you.

Additionally, never fly drones in crowded or densely populated areas. This could cause panic and increase the risk of flight accidents.

Finally, never fly over Bali's temples. These places hold great significance for local residents, and respecting local culture and religious beliefs is fundamental courtesy.

https://youtube.com/shorts/i7GCuR3uI-k

These regulations aim to ensure everyone's safety while allowing drone flying to remain an enjoyable activity. Any disregard for these rules may result in fines or even criminal charges.

Drone flying is a fascinating experience, yet we must remember that responsibility and respect are equally important behind this enjoyment. Adhering to these regulations isn't just an obligation, but also our way of showing respect for the local community and environment. Let's ensure everyone can enjoy this wonderful activity while protecting this enchanting paradise.

{{block:戶外}}
