---
title: The Queen of Tropical Fruits - Mangosteen Season in Indonesia/Bali
description: >-
  Mangosteen is one of the abundantly produced tropical fruits in Indonesia.
  When is the harvest season for this sweet and tangy fruit each year?
pubDate: 2024-04-12T00:00:00.000Z
pubHour: null
category:
  - 美食景點活動
tags:
  - 山竹
  - 印尼山竹
  - 峇里島山竹
  - 巴里島山竹
  - 巴里島
heroImage: 'https://images.gobaligo.id/vocus/vocus_12cc11716bb437c0193aae868beb4b84.jpg'
originalUrl: 'https://vocus.cc/article/661943c7fd897800016eaf4a'
lang: en
_srcHash: bc3feffdce0548c040c31c9082b6cbc4
---
Mangosteen is one of the abundantly produced tropical fruits in Indonesia. This sweet and tangy fruit typically has a harvest season lasting three months each year in a given region.

However, due to Indonesia's vast territory, mangosteen harvests typically occur from November to April across various regions. In Indonesia, the mangosteen harvest season usually begins in the Sumatra area. Farmers in this province often start harvesting mangosteens at the end of the year, from November to December. This is followed by Java Island/Bali from January to March.

The varying harvest seasons of mangosteens across different regions of Indonesia ensure that this tropical fruit is available in markets for nearly eight months of the year.

## Mangosteen in Bali

Bali is one of Indonesia's primary producers of mangosteens, accounting for 50% of the country's total production. The mangosteens grown in Bali are of exceptional quality and offer an exquisite taste! Therefore, when visiting Bali, you absolutely must seize the opportunity to savor this delicious fruit! In Indonesian, mangosteen is referred to as "manggis."

## The Best Season to Buy Mangosteen

Like most fruits, mangosteens tend to be cheaper during harvest season. If it's harvest time, mangosteens cost about IDR 10,000 per kilogram. Known as the 'Queen of Tropical Fruits,' its price can increase three to fourfold when production decreases.

The best time to buy fresh and affordable mangosteens in Indonesia/Bali is typically between January and April.

> Further Reading: [🥥 Complete Guide to Bali's Durian Season｜When is it Most Fragrant and Affordable?](https://gobaligo.id/blog/2026-04-07-065104/)
