---
title: >-
  The most terrifying thing in Bali isn't venomous snakes or wild beasts, but
  rather...
description: Do you know which animal you need to be most cautious of in Bali? Monkeys...
pubDate: 2024-03-19T00:00:00.000Z
pubHour: null
category:
  - 旅行技巧
tags:
  - 峇里島
  - 猴子
  - 猴子森林
  - 聖猴森林
  - 巴里島
heroImage: 'https://images.gobaligo.id/vocus/vocus_6614b94e4dbd763830fa8bcec020aa64.png'
originalUrl: 'https://vocus.cc/article/65f97cf5fd897800019eeca0'
lang: en
_srcHash: 04400dabf66cde089d4c377ee8d03776
---
The monkeys of Bali are quite unique, deeply intertwined with local Hindu beliefs. Revered as manifestations of the divine monkey Hanuman, these creatures are widely respected by locals, who often feed them voluntarily. Ubud's Sacred Monkey Forest serves as both a sanctuary and a playground dedicated to these sacred animals.

{{block:戶外}}

A single monkey may appear cute, but encountering two or more requires heightened caution—we once witnessed three monkeys teaming up to attack a grown man. Monkeys are also notorious for stealing, snatching items, or causing mischief, with such incidents occurring frequently.

When traveling to Bali, be sure to watch out for monkeys: avoid direct eye contact, and don't carry food or shiny items. In protected areas, follow the instructions of guides, maintain quiet, and keep your distance.

## **The Truth About Monkeys**

https://youtube.com/shorts/tpPWsvsH-Eo

Monkeys are a common sight throughout Bali. Always stay vigilant, keep your belongings secure and out of their reach. While interacting with monkeys can be fun, safety should always come first.

Keep these tips in mind, and you'll be able to enjoy your Bali trip with peace of mind. Wishing you a pleasant journey, and looking forward to hearing about your adventures!

{{block:ubud}}
