---
title: 'Bali Family Getaway: Sanur Travel Itinerary'
description: >-
  Sanur is a perfect destination for family vacations in Bali. With its sunny
  weather, soft sandy beaches, relatively affordable prices, and a wealth of
  family-friendly attractions, it has become the top choice for many families
  traveling with children...
pubDate: 2024-03-24T00:00:00.000Z
pubHour: null
category:
  - 家庭親子
  - 遊記分享
tags:
  - 峇里島親子
  - 親子度假
  - 峇里島親子旅遊
  - 沙努爾
  - 沙努爾親子
heroImage: 'https://images.gobaligo.id/vocus/vocus_d66488cbf12527aba9885db31c4f0b5a.jpg'
originalUrl: 'https://vocus.cc/article/65ff99e2fd897800016c300e'
lang: en
_srcHash: 01f24e995d5723744613f373d654d8e6
---
Sanur is a fantastic family-friendly destination in Bali. With its sunny weather, soft sandy beaches, affordable prices, and a wide range of kid-friendly activities, it has become a top choice for families traveling with children.

A YouTuber named 'Bali by Gary' has shared a video detailing various family-friendly activities and attractions in Sanur.

https://youtu.be/P1KnRTERe-g?si=ITaE19UWpDyg0taR

Right from the start, Gary introduced everyone to various family-friendly activities at Sanur Beach. At Segara Beach, there's a Segara Playland featuring slides, climbing structures, and other play facilities, along with affordable face painting services, making it a perfect spot for kids to have fun. The same beach also offers small inflatable boat rentals for a minimal fee, allowing children to enjoy playing in the water.

The beach naturally offers no shortage of water activities. At Sinduh Beach, there's a sea turtle conservation center where children can learn about the importance of conservation. The newly built coastal boardwalk is perfect for families to rent bicycles or electric-assist bikes for a ride together. However, it's important to note that due to previous incidents where pedestrians were injured by rented electric bikes, the rental of electric-assist bikes has now been prohibited.

Additionally, kayaking is also a very popular choice! Check out Jay's video:

https://youtu.be/Xp5gyMslrVE

{{block:親子}}

Walking along the coast near the Mecure Hotel, you'll find a free beach playground. Right by the main road, there's a large early education center called 'Cheeky Monkeys,' which also doubles as an indoor play center – a true dreamland for kids. This boulevard is also home to Bali's largest baby products store, offering a comprehensive range of items, allowing parents to stock up on all the essentials for their little ones.

Sanur offers a diverse range of family-friendly activities, complemented by comprehensive facilities, making it an ideal destination for a family vacation. Gary's video provides practical guidance, offering excellent itinerary suggestions for families planning to visit Sanur.

In addition to the small part introduced by Gary, we've also prepared a comprehensive guide for you titled '**50 Family-Friendly Activities, Dining, Entertainment, Spa, and Accommodation Recommendations in Sanur**'! Please [click here](/blog/2024-02-11-65bf2f75fd89780001dbf162/) to explore more.

{{block:sanur}}
